docs: what's new 10.1.0, easier to use elastic query editor (#72513)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v10-1.md

In response to different query performance scenarios, we implemented query splitting, where queries that request more than a day of data are split in sub-requests of 1 day duration each. For example, requesting 7 days of logs will produce 7 requests of 1 day.

### Easier to use query editor for Elasticsearch

<!-- Gabor Farkas -->

_Generally available in all editions of Grafana._

> In the Elasticsearch query editor, you can easily switch between logs, metrics and raw data at the top of the editor, no need to go through the metric selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elasticsearch query editor now allows convenient switching between logs, metrics, and raw data directly from the top, eliminating the need to go through the metric selector.
```

Reviewer: LGTM, left a suggestion.
